A computer systems engineer is someone who combines their knowledge of computer science,
engineering, and mathematical analysis to develop, test and evaluate software, circuits,
personal computers and more. They don't simply engineer computer technology,
but understand how that technology fits into the larger scheme of professional and personal needs.

Individuals choosing this career study the development of computer technology,
understand the underlying concepts of computers, create improvements on current processes and
equipment, and integrate hardware and software programs and concepts to produce a fully-functional
system capable of meeting his or her clients’ needs.

Different companies have different needs regarding their computer systems.
A manufacturing company may require specialized inventory tracking abilities, invoicing,
payment, and age-of-inventory capabilities. A governmental organization will have entirely
different needs depending upon the services it offers. This occupation combines several different
disciplines in order to create, purchase and/or install a computer system that is appropriate for each client.
Higher mathematics, higher sciences and electronics all factor into computer systems engineering.

Computer systems engineers provide advice to clients regarding the appropriate hardware and/or
software to ensure that their computer systems meet their needs. He or she may also be involved in a hands-on
manner during the acquisition, installation, testing, and implementation phases of the project.
He or she evaluates current systems for effectiveness, makes recommendations regarding the
scalability of such systems, and troubleshoots any problems that arise during the use of the system.

With the growing focus of online information sharing, an individual in this occupation
reviews a company’s security requirements, its use of online applications ranging from a company web page
to online purchasing or personal data exchange, and recommends the security measures that will allow
the company to function in a digital world without compromising its clients’ sensitive data.

He or she also provides his or her clients with guidelines regarding system capabilities,
user interface, security measures, and other applicable information so that the client can operate
the system on a daily basis and troubleshoot minor difficulties.

Big text example
